that's the day boy
[Music]
we surf and we skate
thank you John the thing is you can do
the same hard urns that keep you on a
surfboard Wow this waves break 24 hours
a day every day and you know what bros
we're gonna be the first to ride
[Music]
if it's gonna get hundreds of skaters
from all over the country and we need to
shut them down
oh hi star makers I repeat now where's
that trophy renewed one's ever seen
before
legs and rank for separate keyboard it's
only been a good figure and bigger and
bigger to the boy came with favorite
Tony Alva can make you a star why you're
famous
thank you guys OC figurehead I wanna
make money I want it all right now
our car broke the morning offers man
Tilly blows kids in the magazines a
teacher died user1
well they do now we can't balance it
where the boys we're family
you need to keep pushing man
I told you looks like it's gonna be
yummy that no it's not
give your Hummer vacation for the next
20 years
[Music]
you